c:\users\roberto.branco-rhode\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\animals.deps.json
c:\users\roberto.branco-rhode\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\animals.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\roberto.branco-rhode\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\animals.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\roberto.branco-rhode\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\animals.dll
c:\users\roberto.branco-rhode\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\animals.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\roberto.branco-rhode\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\animals.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\roberto.branco-rhode\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\animals.pdb
c:\users\roberto.branco-rhode\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\animals.dll
c:\users\roberto.branco-rhode\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConsoleApp1\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\animals.pdb
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\nunit.engine.netstandard.dll
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Mono.Cecil.dll
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.deps.json
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.dll
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.pdb
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.dll
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.pdb
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\SMART Objectives and Tracking\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\SMART Objectives and Tracking\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\nunit.engine.netstandard.dll
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\SMART Objectives and Tracking\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Mono.Cecil.dll
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\SMART Objectives and Tracking\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.deps.json
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\SMART Objectives and Tracking\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\SMART Objectives and Tracking\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\SMART Objectives and Tracking\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.dll
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\SMART Objectives and Tracking\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.pdb
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\SMART Objectives and Tracking\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\SMART Objectives and Tracking\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.dll
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\SMART Objectives and Tracking\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.pdb
C:\Users\roberto.branco-rhode\Documents\SMART Objectives and Tracking\solid_project\ConsoleApp1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Animals.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
